Docs: Edits to Basic OpenVINO Workflow page (#13807)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/get_started/get_started_demos.md

> # Basic OpenVINO™ Workflow {#openvino_docs_get_started_get_started_demos}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Basic OpenVINO™ Workflow (C++) {#openvino_docs_get_started_get_started_demos}
```

Author: I agree that "Get Started with C++ Samples" is a better title for this page. However, we will also have to change it in the sidebar defined by the `toctree` section in [Samples_Overview.md](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md) and anywhere else it's mentioned documentation. Is that something you can do?

Reviewer: @EdjeElectronics Nice catch! I'm afraid that I'm not able to add a new file to this PR. I can only do that via a new PR. Can you help make that change?

Author: Okay, I changed it in the `toctree` on that page. I noticed that you've already changed it in other places in documentation (like the new "What's Next?" sections on the install pages), nice!

The guide walks through a basic workflow for building and running C++ code samples in OpenVINO. This guide works for C++ samples only and is not intended for use with the Python samples.

> To work through this guide, you must first install OpenVINO Runtime, install OpenVINO Development tools, and build the sample applications. See the <a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a> section for instructions on how to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with samples, you must first install OpenVINO Runtime, install OpenVINO Development tools, and build the sample applications. See the <a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a> section for instructions.
```

Once the prerequisites have been installed, perform the following steps:

1. <a href="#download-models">Use Model Downloader to download a suitable model.</a>
2. <a href="#convert-models-to-intermediate-representation">Convert the model with Model Optimizer.</a> 
3. <a href="#download-media">Download media files to run inference.</a>
4. <a href="#run-image-classification">Run inference with the Image Classification sample application and see the results.</a>

## <a name="prerequisites"></a>Prerequisites

### Install OpenVINO Runtime

> If you have not yet installed and configured OpenVINO Runtime, see the following guides. The source code for the OpenVINO samples is not included with the PyPI distribution, so the archive file installation method must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not yet installed and configured OpenVINO Runtime, see the following guides. The source code for OpenVINO samples is not included with the PyPI distribution, so the archive file installation method must be used.
```

Author: If by "Github installations" you mean building [OpenVINO from source](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingForLinux) by cloning the openvino repository, then yes, the samples are included. I'm not sure about the Docker installation.

Reviewer: yeah...I checked - building from source includes the step for building samples, and Docker installation seems also including samples as the installation pages has described how to run samples. So this sentence here may need be adjusted a little bit.

Author: Thanks @kblaszczak-intel , I like your suggestion! I went ahead and changed it to match what you said.

@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

>    See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Linux from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_linux>`. Running these samples requires OpenCV, so be sure to install OpenCV when you get to the Install Additional Components step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Linux from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_linux>`. Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.
```

.. tab:: Windows

>    See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Windows from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_windows>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so be sure to install OpenCV when you get to the Install Additional Components step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Windows from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_windows>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.
```

.. tab:: macOS

>    See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on macOS from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_macos>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so be sure to install OpenCV when you get to the Install Additional Components step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See :doc:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on macOS from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_macos>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.
```

  
@endsphinxdirective

### Install OpenVINO Development Tools

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools, visit the <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html">installation guide</a> and follow the instructions for C++ developers. The code for the example on this page uses the `googlenet-v1` model from the Caffe framework. When you get to Step 4 of the installation guide, issue the following command to install OpenVINO with the Caffe requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools, follow the <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html#cpp-developers">instructions for C++ developers on the Install OpenVINO Development Tools page</a>. The code for the example on this page uses the `googlenet-v1` model from the Caffe framework. When you get to Step 4 of the installation, run the following command to install OpenVINO with the Caffe requirements:
```

``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
```

> ### Build Samples and Demos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build Samples
```

### Install OpenVINO Runtime

If you have not yet installed and configured OpenVINO Runtime, see the following guides. The source code for the OpenVINO samples is not included with the PyPI distribution, so the archive file installation method must be used.

@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

   See :ref:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Linux from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_linux>`. Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.

.. tab:: Windows

   See :ref:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on Windows from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_windows>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.

.. tab:: macOS

   See :ref:`Install OpenVINO Runtime on macOS from an Archive File <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_macos>` Running these samples requires OpenCV, so make sure that you install OpenCV in the Install Additional Components step.
  
@endsphinxdirective

### Install OpenVINO Development Tools

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools, follow the <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html#cpp-developers">instructions for C++ developers on the Install OpenVINO Development Tools page</a>. The code for the example on this page uses the `googlenet-v1` model from the Caffe framework. When you get to Step 4 of the installation, run the following command to install OpenVINO with the Caffe requirements:

Author: Good way of putting it 👍 . I added your suggestion.

``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
```

### Build Samples

> If you have already built the demos and samples, you can skip this section. The build will take about 5-10 minutes, depending on your system.

Author: Okay, I changed it to your suggestion (but also added links to the specific Linux, Windows, and macOS instructions). I changed the Prerequisites header to level 3 (i.e. `###`) and each section inside Prerequisites to level 4 (i.e. `####`). I'm not sure how that will look when rendered by Sphinx, but it looks okay on GitHub 😄 .

# Get Started with C++ Samples {#openvino_docs_get_started_get_started_demos}

The guide presents a basic workflow for building and running C++ code samples in OpenVINO. Note that these steps will not work with the Python samples. 

To get started, you must first install OpenVINO Runtime, install OpenVINO Development tools, and build the sample applications. See the <a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a> section for instructions.

Once the prerequisites have been installed, perform the following steps:

1. <a href="#download-models">Use Model Downloader to download a suitable model.</a>
2. <a href="#convert-models-to-intermediate-representation">Convert the model with Model Optimizer.</a> 
3. <a href="#download-media">Download media files to run inference.</a>
4. <a href="#run-image-classification">Run inference with the Image Classification sample application and see the results.</a>

> ### <a name="prerequisites"></a>Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="prerequisites"></a>Prerequisites
```

> #### Install OpenVINO Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install OpenVINO Runtime
```

> To use sample applications, Install OpenVINO Runtime via one of the following distribution channels (other distributions do not include sample files):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use sample applications, install OpenVINO Runtime via one of the following distribution channels (other distributions do not include sample files):
```

* Archive files (recommended) - [Linux](@ref openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_linux) | [Windows](@ref openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_windows) | [macOS](@ref openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_from_archive_macos)
* Docker image - [Linux](@ref openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_docker_linux) | [Windows](@ref openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_docker_windows)
* [Build from source](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode)

> Make sure to [install OpenCV](https://github.com/opencv/opencv/wiki/BuildOpenCV4OpenVINO). It is required for running sample applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you also [install OpenCV](https://github.com/opencv/opencv/wiki/BuildOpenCV4OpenVINO), as it's required for running sample applications.
```

> #### Install OpenVINO Development Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install OpenVINO Development Tools
```

To install OpenVINO Development Tools, follow the [instructions for C++ developers on the Install OpenVINO Development Tools page](../install_guides/installing-model-dev-tools.md#cpp-developers). This guide uses the `googlenet-v1` model from the Caffe framework, therefore, when you get to Step 4 of the installation, run the following command to install OpenVINO with the Caffe requirements:

``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
```

> #### Build Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build Samples
```

> To build OpenVINO samples, follow the build instructions for your operating system in the [OpenVINO Samples](../OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md) page. The build will take about 5-10 minutes, depending on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build OpenVINO samples, follow the build instructions for your operating system on the [OpenVINO Samples](../OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md) page. The build will take about 5-10 minutes, depending on your system.
```

- Object Detection (SSD, YOLO): Draws bounding boxes around multiple types of objects in an image
- Custom: Often based on SSD

Options to find a model suitable for OpenVINO toolkit:

- Download public or Intel pre-trained models from [Open Model Zoo](@ref model_zoo) using [Model Downloader tool](@ref omz_tools_downloader)
- Download from GitHub, Caffe Zoo, TensorFlow Zoo, etc.
- Train your own model with machine learning tools
  

> This guide uses OpenVINO Model Downloader to get pre-trained models. You can use one of the following commands to find a model (replace `<models_dir>` with the directory to download the model to and `<model_name>` with the name of the model):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide uses OpenVINO Model Downloader to get pre-trained models. You can use one of the following commands to find a model:
```

> * List the models available in the downloader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* List the models available in the downloader.
```

  ``` sh
     omz_info_dumper --print_all
  ```

> * Use `grep` to list models that have a specific name pattern (e.g. `ssd-mobilenet`, `yolo`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `grep` to list models that have a specific name pattern (e.g. `ssd-mobilenet`, `yolo`). Replace `<model_name>` with the name of the model.
```

  ``` sh
     omz_info_dumper --print_all | grep <model_name>
  ```

> * Use Model Downloader to download models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use Model Downloader to download models. Replace `<models_dir>` with the directory to download the model to and `<model_name>` with the name of the model.
```

     omz_info_dumper --print_all
  ```

* Use `grep` to list models that have a specific name pattern (e.g. `ssd-mobilenet`, `yolo`)
  ``` sh
     omz_info_dumper --print_all | grep <model_name>
  ```

* Use Model Downloader to download models.

>   This guide uses `<models_dir>` and `<model_name>` as placeholders for the models directory and model name:

Author: > this information should be placed in the beginning of the list, I think.

I'll say this at the beginning:
"This guide uses the OpenVINO™ Model Downloader to get pre-trained models. You can use one of the following commands to find a model (replace `<models_dir>` with the directory to download the model to and `<model_name>` with the name of the model):"

> Do we need it at all? Maybe it should not be part of the bullet-point list but a separate information instead?

I didn't write the guide, but I think they wanted to present general information for how to download models. Agreed, it doesn't need to be part of the bullet-point list, so I'll separate it out.

> One more thing, the expandable content block below can be a bit cleaner if we use a sphinx directive for collapsible panels:

Got it, I will change it to the sphinx directive.

>   This guide uses `<models_dir>` and `<model_name>` as placeholders for the models directory and model name:

Author: Actually, sorry Karol, I'm not sure what the Sphinx syntax is for opening and closing the dropdown section, I'm going to leave it as-is.

>   This guide uses `<models_dir>` and `<model_name>` as placeholders for the models directory and model name:

Reviewer: OK I fixed it. Merging this PR.

   mo --input_model <model_dir>/<model_file> --data_type <model_precision> --output_dir <ir_dir>
```

> IR files produced by the script are written to the `<ir_dir>` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IR files produced by the script are written to the `<ir_dir>` directory.
```

## <a name="download-media"></a> Step 3: Download a Video or a Photo as Media

Most of the samples require you to provide an image or a video as the input to run the model on. You can get them from sites like [Pexels](https://pexels.com) or [Google Images](https://images.google.com).

> As an alternative, OpenVINO toolkit also provides several sample images and videos for you to run code samples and demo applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, OpenVINO also provides several sample images and videos for you to run code samples and demo applications:
```

## <a name="download-media"></a> Step 3: Download a Video or a Photo as Media

Most of the samples require you to provide an input image or video to run the model on. You can download a test video or image online from sites like [Pexels](https://pexels.com) or [Google Images](https://images.google.com).

> As an alternative, the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit includes several sample images and videos that you can use for running code samples and demo applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit also provides several sample images and videos for you to run code samples and demo applications:
```

@endsphinxdirective

When the sample application is complete, you are given the label and confidence for the top 10 categories. The input image and sample output of the inference results is shown below:

<img src="https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp">

@sphinxdirective

   .. code-block:: sh

   Top 10 results:

   Image dog.bmp

      classid probability label
      ------- ----------- -----
      156     0.6875963   Blenheim spaniel
      215     0.0868125   Brittany spaniel
      218     0.0784114   Welsh springer spaniel
      212     0.0597296   English setter
      217     0.0212105   English springer, English springer spaniel
      219     0.0194193   cocker spaniel, English cocker spaniel, cocker
      247     0.0086272   Saint Bernard, St Bernard
      157     0.0058511   papillon
      216     0.0057589   clumber, clumber spaniel
      154     0.0052615   Pekinese, Pekingese, Peke

@endsphinxdirective

The following two examples show how to run the same sample using GPU or MYRIAD as the target device.

>    **GPU:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GPU:**
```

@endsphinxdirective

## Other Demos and Samples

> Visit the <a href="openvino_docs_OV_UG_Samples_Overview.html">Samples</a> page to see more sample applications. Each sample page explains how the application works and shows how to run it. Use the samples as a starting point that can be adapted for your own application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Samples](../OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md) page for more sample applications. Each sample page explains how the application works and shows how to run it. Use the samples as a starting point that can be adapted for your own application.
```

> OpenVINO also provides demo applications for using off-the-shelf models from <a href="model_zoo.html">Open Model Zoo</a>. These give even more examples of how to run model inference with the OpenVINO API. To build OpenVINO demos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO also provides demo applications for using off-the-shelf models from [Open Model Zoo](@ref model zoo). These give even more examples of how to run model inference with the OpenVINO API. To run the demos in Open Model Zoo, you need to build OpenVINO demos first:
```

> OpenVINO also provides demo applications for using off-the-shelf models from [Open Model Zoo](@ref model_zoo). These give even more examples of how to run model inference with the OpenVINO API. To run the demos in Open Model Zoo, you need to build OpenVINO demos first:

Reviewer 2: Again, I would probably remove the tabs and most of the following content, leaving just the general info and referring readers to the OMZ Demos page.

Author: Agreed, I had only left the OMZ Demos content in there because it was part of the original article. I removed the section linking to OMZ Demos build instructions, and put this instead:

"OpenVINO also provides demo applications for using off-the-shelf models from [Open Model Zoo](@ref model_zoo). Visit [Open Model Zoo Demos](@ref omz_demos) if you'd like to see even more examples of how to run model inference with the OpenVINO API."

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: Linux

>    Go to :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Go to :ref:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux" section.
```

.. tab:: Windows

>    Go to :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Microsoft Windows OS" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Go to :ref:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Microsoft Windows OS" section.
```

.. tab:: macOS

>    Go to :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux*" section. You can use the requirements from "To build OpenVINO samples" above and adapt the Linux build steps for macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Go to :ref:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and see the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux" section. You can use the requirements from "To build OpenVINO samples" above and adapt the Linux build steps for macOS.
```
